Allon Hadaya
18 Dodworth St. #3L • Brooklyn, NY 11221 • 203.830.9319 • self@allon.nyc • allon.nyc/portfolio

SOFTWARE DEVELOPER

Passionate programmer with over nine years of personal, academic, and professional experience. Versed in software engineering practices. Interested in new ways of thinking about computing and the development process. Excels in team settings.

Skills Include:
Software Architecture
Web Scraping
Web Development
Compiler Development
System Administration
Deployment
Version Control
Pair Programming
Automated Testing

Professional Experience

Think Empire (Real Estate Analytics) • New York, NY • November '15 – Current

	Think Empire is an internal analytics tool for a New York City brokerage and investment fund. My role on this project has been twofold: 1) establishing product specifications and objectives with stakeholders, and 2) taking care of implementation and system administration. The infrastructure for the application is described as discrete services using docker, and is deployed to a cloud instance. The core application is written in python and html-css-js.

Kid Mech (Robotic Entertainment) • New York, NY • July '15 – Current

	Kid Mech is a collaborative game in which players view and control a pair of real-life robots, attempting to earn points for the robot they want to win. The game is built on top of twitch.tv, and implemented across a handful of environments: golang, c, and html-css-js. As sole developer on the project, my role is to assess and implement all software requirements.

Theater Group Update (Data transformation tool) • New York, NY • March '15 – April '15

	Theater Group Update is a data transformation tool designed to replace a more manual excel based approach. It is written in python, and designed to be extensible by its non-technical users.

appFigures (Sales analytics for app developers) • New York, NY • July '11 – September '14

Responsibilities:
Designed and built software for a wide range of business needs, working with existing and new code.
Diagnosed and debugged reported issues in a production environment, communicating with clients to resolve their concerns.
Deployed code to live user-facing and back-end services.

Results:
Implemented services to download, parse, and store data from the iTunes Connect EPF system, AdMob, Windows Phone App Store, and Windows Store.
Implemented a front-end logging library which efficiently fed into back-end logging infrastructure.
Implemented error monitoring using the above decoupled logging library for JavaScript.
Decoupled the JS code base with a proprietary state management library.
Overhauled a core data importing library, from a single-source design to a multi-source design.
Implemented an annotation based integration test framework for isolated database environments.

Education

PACE UNIVERSITY – New York, NY – BS in Computer Science, 2010-2012 (partial)

## this file is generated and tracked to produce more meaningful diffs ##
